[Embeddables] Update documentation (#137302)
elastic/kibana: dev_docs/key_concepts/embeddables.mdx

---
id: kibDevDocsEmbeddables
slug: /kibana-dev-docs/key-concepts/embeddables
title: Embeddables
summary: Embeddables provide a way to expose a reusable widget.
date: 2022-07-27
tags: ['kibana', 'dev', 'contributor', 'api docs']
---

The Embeddables Plugin provides an opportunity to expose reusable interactive widgets that can be embedded outside the original plugin.

If you are planning to integrate with the plugin, please get in touch with the App Services team to get to know all the limitations.

## Capabilities
- Framework-agnostic API.
- Out-of-the-box React support.
- Integration with the [UI Actions](https://github.com/elastic/kibana/tree/HEAD/src/plugins/ui_actions) plugin.
- Hierarchical structure to enclose multiple widgets.
- Error handling.

## Key Concepts
### Embeddable
Embeddable is a re-usable widget that can be rendered on a dashboard as well as in other applications.

> Developers are free to embed that directly in their plugins. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Developers are free to embed them directly in their plugins. 
```

> End users can dynamically put them to the embeddable _container_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
End users can dynamically select an embeddable to add to a _dashboard container_. Dashboard container powers the grid of panels on the Dashboard app.
```
